**This repository is currently maintained only for planning and design work. There are no versions of the game available for play or forking at the moment. If you want to be notified when initial versiosns start rolling in subscribe to ** https://github.com/tukkek/infojack/commits/master.atom

# infojack

*Listen up, choombata! Have you ever felt the itch under your chrome to blaze at a picosecond through the silicon pathways of the cybernet? Do you often dream of the neon information ultra-highways instead while the slow bore of the offline world fails to catch your attention? Do your head buzz with the low voltage of several cyborg implants meant to make you even better at what you do? Can you feel the adrenaline peaking as you turn on the techno music and jack up to your cyberdeck, gradually shifting your perception towards the interconnected matrix of the digital world? Does the entire world pause as you fly through the myriad interconneted data links and towards ultimate glory as an the ultimate underground anti-hero?*

*If so, then I figure you'll fit right in. Welcome, cyberjockey!*

Infojack is a homage to the cyberpunk genre, namely to the ubiquitous hackers that immerse themselves into the virtual reality the World Wide Web would eventually become. Known by many names, from *netrunners* to *technomancers*, this game puts you in the tight leather jacket of one who's just starting the journey towards the elite ranks of true hackers. The game mostly takes place inside the Net (which also goes by many names: the Matrix, the Mesh...) where you'll take on jobs and explore its corners and secrets for fame and fortune.

This game wouldn't be here without the works of William Gibson, role-playing games like Cyberpunk 2020 and Shadowrun and video games like Decker - all of which contributed to create the cyberpunk aesthetic that seems to have gone out of fashion in literature but approaches fast in the real world... Biggest thanks goes to Mongoose Publishing for the OGL Cybernet book, containing d20 System rules for cyberpunk adventures, allowing them to be freely uses to create this game and other products. If you enjoy Infojack make sure to grab your copy of the book so you can run your own stories, inside and outside the Net at http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/2176/OGL-Cybernet?it=1
